follow up #26: README file and requirements (#29)
qiskit-community/qiskit-presentations: 2022-03-09_QIS_Oxford/README.md

# European Call Option Pricing using Quantum Computers

> This workshop/presentation (around TBD hours) was performed by Carmen Recio Valcarce at [TBD](https://TBD.com/) on March 8th, 2022. 

Reviewer: This workshop (around 2.5 hours) was performed by Carmen Recio Valcarce and Amin Karamlou at [Oxford University Quantum Information Society](https://www.facebook.com/events/1079864252579786/) on March 9th, 2022.

Author: ```suggestion
This workshop (around 2.5 hours) was performed by Carmen Recio Valcarce and Amin Karamlou at [Oxford University Quantum Information Society](https://www.facebook.com/events/1079864252579786/) on March 9th, 2022.
```
